refactor: descriptive caip25CaveatBuilder unsupported scopes (#5806)
MetaMask/core: packages/chain-agnostic-permission/CHANGELOG.md

- Bump `@metamask/network-controller` to `^23.4.0` ([#5765](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/5765))
- Bump `@metamask/controller-utils` to `^11.8.0` ([#5765](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/5765))

> - Changed `caip25CaveatBuilder` to list unsupported scopes when throwing ([#5806](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/5806))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change `caip25CaveatBuilder` to list unsupported scopes in the unsupported scopes error ([#5806](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/5806))
```
